The Seven Chapter Prayer of Guru Padmasambhava is written in numerous schools. Every one of them is
written.
I think I can't believe it, and also I am going to be with him, as always.
I have been teaching many years ago, before he entered Mahaparinirvana.
Five years ago, or three, four years before, that he gave the teaching,
and particularly also followed, with very famous master of many of you know, Karma Chagme.
His explanation and commentary is on the seven chapters that he taught.
He saw extensively something that extra only.
He is teaching that maybe not many new masters did before,
and he, though on cost, really did taught on how to meditate and practice these seven chapters.
So can you use that?
And so this is now a long time, so many years,
walking hard by so many people, particularly Lama Chapa,
and then all others, and Amandar, and Alaya, and really everyone put so much effort,
and God is beautiful, but really, I am so happy. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
(Singing)
Thank you. Thank you very much, everyone.
Everyone would ask her to support it.
And then I did Lama Chapa, thank you so much.
And then of course, Anna did this layout in Russia,
and now since last year, though, quite a few books now.
She really did books. She really did.
She's fast, and she dialed out everything, so thank you.
She did all. Thank you.
Thank you, everyone, and Lama Loring, and all the women, really.
All the support and help to come this far.
Thank you. Lama Chapa, you've got so much effort.
Yes. Really.
And this...
All the energy.
What?
Energy. And proofreading, because I don't know too much about before,
but this year, or last year, I understood my two books when I was walking.
Really, I see how much things you need to put effort.
I put so many efforts, and they don't help me so much, really.
We're putting kind of hours on this proofreading,
and all this going on and on and on.
So thank you.
Oh, I love this. It's really good, huh?
Yes.
Also, it's really...
I mean, I said, it's quite heavy, but it's substantial, it's heavy, too.
It's heavy, every aspect.
This is like what they call in the Tibet, the Lama.
Lama, maybe it's dangerous, it's heavy.
Heavy, so it's heavy.